Update Readmes for Weblate (#795)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: README.md

This is the content repository for [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io). Text appearing in the Jamulus software application itself is part of the [main code repository](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus). See also the [general overview](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Contribution) to getting involved. 

## Translation

<a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/jamulus/">
<img src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/jamulus/-/multi-auto.svg" alt="Translation status" />
</a>
The Jamulus website is translated using [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/jamulus/). If you prefer you may also submit translations via Pull Requests. Note that translating the Jamulus application itself is done by a different process, but you are welcome to help with that too. Introduce yourself on the [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions) and say what you’d like to do.

> #### Please also note that discussions should be in English so as to be open to all.

Reviewer: Shouldn't be a heading.
```suggestion
***PLEASE NOTE:*** Discussions should be in English so as to be open to all.
```

> For translating text in the Jamulus application itself, please see [TRANSLATING.md](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/blob/master/docs/TRANSLATING.md) in the application repository.

Reviewer: Why does the para at line 10 talk about the app translations if we have this para?  It might be easier to follow if there was only one para about app translations.  Given line 10 says "we don't do app translations here", this para could probably just be dropped.

Author: Yes. A lot of the README reads like it's been cobbled together like a patchwork over time (it has). I'll give it a more thorough read to try and iron out some creases.

Please have a look at our [style and tone guide](https://jamulus.io/contribute/Style-and-Tone).

### Overall workflow

We collect changes to the English version of the site on a "next-release" branch first. We then freeze changes prior to a Jamulus software release, and do a translation "sprint" over a couple of weeks when all translation takes place.

1. Changes are first made to EN (= English) *.md files and committed to the “next-release” branch.
1. Once we’ve agreed the changes can go live (usually just before a software release), we then create GitHub issues for each language, tagged for that release. You can ask questions about the work there.
1. Translators for each language then update them on Weblate, or edit the .po files for their language in `_translator-files/po/LANGUAGE/` and open pull requests to merge them into the "next-release” branch.
1. When all translations are merged (issues will then close automatically), we merge that new branch into the `release` branch, which is automatically made live on the production site.

### Points to note

> - Please do not add new or significantly modified content to a translation. All content changes must be made on the "next-release" branch in English **first** after being [discussed here](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions).

Reviewer: Trying to get this a bit less technical as those details aren't necessary at this point.
```suggestion
- If you see content that is incorrect and needs amending, do not make that change in your translation, as all translators need to know about the correction.  That means updating the English files **first**, after being [discussed here](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions).
```

Reviewer: Although that could still be better...

Author: Hmm, I think it's more about not straying from, and sticking to, what the source EN says - not necessarily correcting mistakes. How about:

- Translations should stay as close as possible to the original English text. If you see content that is incorrect or unclear, please do not correct or rewrite content in your translation, but rather make this fact known by [discussing it here](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions) so it can be corrected in the English files **first** and thus apply to all other translations.
